Tests ran at 16 Apr 05 42 PM

40 tests passed out of 40 tests.

tests_original.py::test_truck_constructor_for_object_creation_with_given_values: passed
tests_original.py::test_truck_constructor_for_multiple_objects_creation_with_given_values: passed
tests_original.py::test_invalid_max_speed_attr: passed
tests_original.py::test_invalid_acceleration_attr: passed
tests_original.py::test_invalid_tyre_friction_attr: passed
tests_original.py::test_start_engine: passed
tests_original.py::test_start_engine_when_car_engine_is_started_twice: passed
tests_original.py::test_current_speed_to_zero_for_newly_created_car: passed
tests_original.py::test_current_speed_to_zero_even_after_engine_start: passed
tests_original.py::test_accelerate_when_car_engine_is_not_started: passed
tests_original.py::test_accelerate_car: passed
tests_original.py::test_accelerate_car_with_different_acceleration: passed
tests_original.py::test_accelerate_car_more_than_max_limit: passed
tests_original.py::test_accelerate_car_with_different_acceleration_more_than_max_limit: passed
tests_original.py::test_apply_break_when_car_current_speed_is_more_than_tyre_friction: passed
tests_original.py::test_apply_break_for_car_with_different_acceleration_current_speed_is_more_than_tyre_friction: passed
tests_original.py::test_apply_break_when_car_current_speed_is_less_than_tyre_friction: passed
tests_original.py::test_apply_break_when_car_is_at_rest: passed
tests_original.py::test_sound_horn_when_car_engine_is_not_started: passed
tests_original.py::test_sound_horn_when_car_engine_is_started: passed
tests_original.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_engine_is_started: passed
tests_original.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_is_running: passed
tests_original.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_engine_is_already_stopped: passed
tests_original.py::test_sound_horn_when_truck_engine_is_not_started: passed
tests_original.py::test_sound_horn_when_truck_engine_is_started: passed
tests_original.py::test_load_cargo_when_current_truck_load_is_less_than_max_limit_and_is_at_rest: passed
tests_original.py::test_load_cargo_when_current_truck_load_is_more_than_max_limit_and_is_at_rest: passed
tests_original.py::test_load_cargo_when_current_truck_load_is_less_than_max_limit_and_is_in_motion: passed
tests_original.py::test_load_cargo_when_truck_is_started_and_is_at_rest: passed
tests_original.py::test_load_cargo_when_truck_is_stopped_and_current_speed_is_zero: passed
tests_original.py::test_load_cargo_when_truck_is_stopped_and_current_speed_is_not_zero: passed
tests_original.py::test_load_cargo_when_multiple_trucks_are_started_and_loaded_at_rest: passed
tests_original.py::test_unload_cargo_when_current_truck_load_is_more_than_given_weight_and_is_at_rest: passed
tests_original.py::test_load_cargo_with_invalid_data: passed
tests_original.py::test_unload_cargo_with_invalid_data: passed
tests_original.py::test_unload_cargo_when_current_truck_load_is_more_than_given_weight_and_is_in_motion: passed
tests_original.py::test_unload_cargo_when_truck_is_started_and_current_speed_is_zero: passed
tests_original.py::test_unload_cargo_when_truck_is_stopped_and_current_speed_is_zero: passed
tests_original.py::test_unload_cargo_when_truck_is_stopped_and_current_speed_is_not_zero: passed
tests_original.py::test_encapsulation: passed


Errors: 0 errors

