Tests ran at 16 Apr 08 12 PM

0 tests passed out of 27 tests.

tests_original.py::test_car_constructor_for_object_creation_with_given_values: failed
tests_original.py::test_car_constructor_for_multiple_objects_creation_with_given_values: failed
tests_original.py::test_invalid_max_speed_attr: failed
tests_original.py::test_invalid_acceleration_attr: failed
tests_original.py::test_invalid_tyre_friction_attr: failed
tests_original.py::test_start_engine: failed
tests_original.py::test_start_engine_with_multiple_car_instances: failed
tests_original.py::test_start_engine_when_car_engine_is_started_twice: failed
tests_original.py::test_current_speed_to_zero_for_newly_created_car: failed
tests_original.py::test_current_speed_to_zero_even_after_engine_start: failed
tests_original.py::test_accelerate_when_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original.py::test_accelerate_with_different_acceleration_when_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original.py::test_accelerate_car: failed
tests_original.py::test_accelerate_car_with_different_acceleration: failed
tests_original.py::test_accelerate_car_more_than_max_limit: failed
tests_original.py::test_accelerate_car_with_different_acceleration_more_than_max_limit: failed
tests_original.py::test_apply_break_when_car_current_speed_is_more_than_tyre_friction: failed
tests_original.py::test_apply_break_when_car_current_speed_is_less_than_tyre_friction: failed
tests_original.py::test_apply_break_when_car_is_at_rest: failed
tests_original.py::test_apply_break_with_different_acceleration_when_car_is_at_rest: failed
tests_original.py::test_sound_horn_when_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original.py::test_sound_horn_when_car_engine_is_started: failed
tests_original.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_engine_is_started: failed
tests_original.py::test_stop_engine_when_multiple_cars_are_started: failed
tests_original.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_is_running: failed
tests_original.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_engine_is_already_stopped: failed
tests_original.py::test_encapsulation: failed


Errors: 0 errors

